it's time for two of England's finest to
face on tough questions this is City
today
James what's going on today me and Jeff
just come to the ground in foundation in
my foundation last year we had a auction
prize to interview myself and Joe Hart
and someone went in the auction and
we're just waiting to see who it
hi I'm Zack and I'm here with Joe Hart
and James Nona perfect Zack describe
yourself in three words who out of us
I'll describe you that one of I would
say this is toughest I would say it's
fun is is thoughtful and he's got a very
strong realtor one who takes the longest
to get change after our match I'll let
you answer this probably claim me but
I'd say Stefan
yeah offices are you think that you many
example no way no it's not fun I'm like
this
Stefan come on I was in there yeah
I get distracted by those gears and you
can see the full interview with sac next
week on City TV our under 8 teens are
getting ready for the first leg of their
FA Youth Cup final they'll face the
favorite Chelsea on Monday Nicola
McCarthy has been catching up with
midfielder Marcus watch Marcus hi our
feelings ahead on this game I'm the high
and I hope you're looking forward to the
game and then hopefully we can get the
win and it's happening Academy Stadium I
just say this is a two-legged affair
firstly here in Manchester and London
the following week how big is it to have
the first leg here with home support you
think yeah it's a great advantage as
we've got the crowd behind us and a
we've played most of our games up the
whole stadium and they've got the
results so hopefully we can do it again
and Marcus you are a city fan how big is
it to step byte in your colours like
your team and wearing the shirt is its
pride because I've been a city fun for
most of my life so I'm yeah so it's a
big it's a big moment for me in my life
and just for any of our fans Marcus who
are coming to the game or thinking of
coming to the game what would be your
message to them definitely they come
down as it will be a big game and a
great experience for people to come
watch the own team and I see what I
think Adam is producing Manchester City
women are gearing up for their first
home League game of this season they
host Arsenal on Sunday kickoff is at 4
o'clock and tickets are still available
you voted
Edin Dzeko the winner of our Nissen goal
of the month award
he beat Wilfried bony and David Silva
with this sweet strike against Liverpool
verify some space in size and he finds
only Jacko who scores
and Vincent Kompany could be out for the
rest of the season he struggle to
recover from a muscle injury it's not
known when he'll return speaking in his
weekly press conference manuel
pellegrini 'he's confirmed
Wilfred Bonnie Gayle clichy and
Stephanie Amma teacher also outs for
this weekend's game along with James
Milner
but even though he'll be out on the
sidelines he's told us a team do need to
turn things around for the remainder of
the season without a few meetings
looking at the game from the other day
and how it can improve on that and
obviously the training building up to to
the game that weekend obviously not why
we wanted to be in the table at this
moment in time what do you think hasn't
quite been working for us I think pretty
much what we saw on on the weekend
rather we've shown glimpses for 20
minutes in games and half an hour in
games and in the prim league that's not
enough he can't he can't perform well
for that amount of time and not for the
95 minutes because teams will hurt you
and and unfortunately that's been the
star of the season it seems of showing
glimpses in games and not maintained it
for periods of time and games in a row
and throws them the standards are set
over the last years it was not good
enough hopefully back on track this
weekend it's the idea the only place we
can fix it is out on that football field
so it's good to have another game coming
you know sometimes it's nice to play for
three days because if you have a bad
result you can get back on the field and
try to put it right so having a way call
it wait a week but we need to go out
there and get three points
thank you very much James well we will
of course be back here at the Etihad on
Sunday for that game against West Ham
for now though on CC today that's all
from us we'll see you next week